We don't know if it's going to be good, because it's going to come after us, if we don't go back to the country, if we don't go back to the country, we can go back to the country.
Hey you, are you ready?
The Haitian community in our area was growing, and the new Haitian Creole congregation was formed nearby.
We checked out their territory and saw they needed a lot of help.
So, should we do this?
I've been praying for more studies.
I think this might just be my answer.
Yeah, I'm in.
Good. Then as soon as we get home, we can pray about it.
Our new language was exciting.
We spent every spare second we had trying to get better.
We had so much joy, but we had challenges too.
Could you read the next paragraph for us, please?
Yeah, sorry, where are we?
Our study was so nice today, wasn't it, Nicholas?
It was. And yet again, I was totally lost.
We didn't realize that Niko just wasn't finding the answer.
To help Niko, we did a few more things in our language.
Besides family worship, we attended one meeting a month with our old congregation.
Well, honestly, I'm a little worried about Niko.
He's having a tough time adapting to our new congregation.
I get it.
You know, back when we first joined a foreign community,
everything was fun and new, but after a little while,
we noticed that our kids had lost their enthusiasm.
They were still hearing about Jehovah,
but honestly, they weren't learning because it wasn't in their language.
Is that why you moved back?
It was, but at every family is different.
We each have to decide what's best for our own.
Thanks. That's true.
I found the perfect article to tell you about it.
I found the perfect article to help us decide what to do.
It mentioned the example of Daniel.
He had to speak different languages every day,
but he made sure to study in Hebrew, his language.
The article mentioned Psalm 111.
In my heart, I treasure up your saying.
For Niko to treasure God's word in his heart,
we felt he needed even more guidance in the language of his heart.
The truth is, when I'm at the meeting in my language, it's different.
I don't have to think a lot just to understand what I'm hearing.
Well, I think it's clear what's best for our family.
It is.
But what about your students?
It's okay, Niko. We'll find a way to help them.
The language we're immersed in every day is the language of your heart,
so it's best for you to keep growing spiritually in that same language.
It was the best decision in order for Niko to stay close to Jehovah.
But we did miss the Haitian Creole field, so a few years later.
Are you ready?
I'm a little nervous, but I think I'm ready.
We decided it was the right time to move back.
We're so glad our decision helped Niko build a solid foundation for his faith and his future.